what is no longer guys in rock or ex
extra care bringing you some smackdown
vs raw 2011 gameplay because it's only
suitable that I use Batista in this
video now let's guess on the title
Batista may be returning because
apparently WWE is interested in Dave
Bautista now i will leave the link to
the article in the description below so
if you guys want to you know read it for
yourself so you know that I'm not making
this bullshit up or I'm not playing an
april fools prank on you here's what it
says Triple H has recently been in talks
with Dave Bautista in regards to a dubb
dubby return for the former WBA champion
parently the company has been very
pleased with how much the rock and Brock
Lesnar have been able to improve
business despite limited schedules they
work because of this they're willing to
offer Batista a similar schedule the
issues really just comes down to money
but he still wants what was described as
a monster deal to only work a few times
a year and don't know he doesn't see his
words as anywhere close to rock or Brock
any another issue is that w/e does not
want to risk the company overhauling
their pay scale if suddenly all the top
guys want major full money full time
money for sporadic port yeah I'm not
pronounce I work part-time appearances
obviously there are many in the locker
room that aren't happy about Brock and
rock working so little walk in more
money than anybody else um and you know
the rock being a movie star in the rock
and Brock being a UFC star there for
bringing more celebrities basically in
nobody really sees what he's at that
level and word around is that but she's
just going to have to come way down on
his money two minutes if he wants to
come in he's eager to return part time
triple H is very much in favor getting
him back and fold but as seen with Steve
Austin out one out here after he is not
always easy to get these deals done now
um another thing that the article
doesn't release um how would I say
understand that the article does not
include is that Batista is not a fan of
the PG era he is a fan of the edgy
moment of the Attitude Era moments um
he's a fan of the I Attitude Era and you
know
fan of the coasting the violence and
everything w.e nowadays he does not like
it he does not like cheesy shit like
when John Cena beat him in a Last Man
Standing match by duct-taping him down
to the freaking turnbuckle he's not a
fan of that not fan about berto Gary oh
uh and the Big Show match where a
virtual Del Rio beat picture in a cheesy
freaking way but I'm what do you guys
think you want able to return or not do
you want more smack numbers hotels in 10
if so leave then the comment section
below and leave a like if you want don't
forget to scribe rocker kicks out guys